# Optimizing an ML Pipeline in Azure

## Overview
This project is part of the Udacity Azure ML Nanodegree.
In this project, we build and optimize an Azure ML pipeline using the Python SDK and a provided Scikit-learn model.
This model is then compared to an Azure AutoML run.

## Useful Resources
- [ScriptRunConfig Class](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/python/api/azureml-core/azureml.core.scriptrunconfig?view=azure-ml-py)
- [Configure and submit training runs](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/machine-learning/how-to-set-up-training-targets)
- [HyperDriveConfig Class](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/python/api/azureml-train-core/azureml.train.hyperdrive.hyperdriveconfig?view=azure-ml-py)
- [How to tune hyperparamters](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/machine-learning/how-to-tune-hyperparameters)


## Summary
**In 1-2 sentences, explain the problem statement: e.g "This dataset contains data about... we seek to predict..."**

This dataset contains data about customers of a financial institution. It is used to predict whether a customer will subscribe to a fixed term deposit.

**In 1-2 sentences, explain the solution: e.g. "The best performing model was a ..."**

## Scikit-learn Pipeline
**Explain the pipeline architecture, including data, hyperparameter tuning, and classification algorithm.**'

The Scikit-learn pipeline reads in the data from a website csv file. The data is then cleaned as follows:
* Variables that contain Yes/No answers i.e. default, housing, loan and poutcome are mapped to binary variables
* The marital variable is also mapped to a binary variable
* The job, contact and education variables are converted to indicator variables
* Month and day of the week variables are mapped to integers

The data is then split into a training and test dataset. 50% of the data is in training and 50% in the test set.

The hyperparameters that are tuned are the inverse regularization strength and the maximum number of interations to converge. The classification algorithm is Logistic regression which predicts whether a customer will subscribe to a fixed term deposit or not.

**What are the benefits of the parameter sampler you chose?**

A random sampling method was chosed to find the values. This method is quick compared to a grid search and normally results in similar accuracies.

**What are the benefits of the early stopping policy you chose?**

Early termination prevents experiments from running a long time and using up resources. 

## AutoML
**In 1-2 sentences, describe the model and hyperparameters generated by AutoML.**

## Pipeline comparison
**Compare the two models and their performance. What are the differences in accuracy? In architecture? If there was a difference, why do you think there was one?**

## Future work
**What are some areas of improvement for future experiments? Why might these improvements help the model?**

## Proof of cluster clean up
**If you did not delete your compute cluster in the code, please complete this section. Otherwise, delete this section.**
**Image of cluster marked for deletion**
